h1. Trac to GitHub Issues conversion script

Imports are now working, including comments, and various optional
metadata (as labels).

h2. Requirements

simplejson (can be installed with 'pip install simplejson')

h2. Usage

<pre class="console">$ ./trac2issues.py --help
Usage: trac2issues.py [options] import|dump

Options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -t TRAC, --trac=TRAC  Path to the Trac project to export.
  -a ACCOUNT, --account=ACCOUNT
                        Name of the GitHub Account to import into. (If neither
                        this nor --account is specified, user from your global
                        git config will be used.)
  -p PROJECT, --project=PROJECT
                        Name of the GitHub Project to import into.
  -x, --closed          Include closed tickets.
  -y, --type            Create a label for the Trac ticket type.
  -c, --component       Create a label for the Trac component.
  -r, --reporter        Create a label for the Trac reporter.
  -o, --owner           Create a label for the Trac owner.
  -n, --resolution      Create a label for the Trac ticket resolution.
  -u URL, --url=URL     Base URL for the Trac install (if specified, will
                        create a link to the old ticket in a comment).
  -g ORGANIZATION, --org=ORGANIZATION
                        Name of GitHub Organization (supercedes --account)
  -s START, --start=START
                        The trac ticket to start importing at.
  --authors=FILE        File to load user login names from. Each line is space
                        separated like: trac-login github-login


  We no longer have an option to create a label from Trac milestones,
  because Github issues now supports milestones natively.

</pre>

<pre class="console">
sudo ./trac2issues.py \
    -t /var/lib/trac/davglass \
    -p footest -m -x -o -r -c \
    -u http://bugs.davglass.com/projects/davglass
</pre>

h2. Limitations

Does not convert many Trac wiki syntax features to Markdown; so, issues or
comments that use much Trac syntax will look wrong.  One thing we
do support is the "{{{ ... }}}" literal text delimeters.

It's rather slow: GitHub limits us to 60 API calls per second, and
each issue might take several calls (one to create the issue, one per
comment to add).

This varies depending on which options you enable; more = slower.

The Github API does not allow assigning the owner or reporter. This is
why we have options for attaching those as labels. It's a kludge, yes.

Note that if your github repository already has some issues, you can't
possibly preserve correct issue numbers.  You might maybe be able to
create a new fork to another account, import your issues to the fork,
rename the original repository, and transfer ownership of the
fork. Maybe. Untested.


h2. Advice

It is highly recommended to create a scratch github repository to run
your imports to, and do trial runs until you're happy, before doing it
to your real project repository.  This is because it may take you
several tries to decide exactly which options you want, and verify
that it's going to work

Since there is NO way to delete an issue from github issues, any
issues you create on your real repository will be there forever.

This is especially important if you care about preserving issue
numbers; in that case you should also use the -x option to include
closed issues.
